into this hot oil I will put in the spy
space that I made it sizzles and makes
very nice noises others did and you can
begin to smell the onion the fried onion
and the spices frying the frying is
terribly important now the spy space
must fry it must be boiled and you see
what's happening over here is there's a
fat if you can see if the fat is
beginning to separate a little bit from
the sauce and that's important so at
this stage I'm going to put in 4 ounces
of finely chopped tomatoes these are
fresh tomatoes if you can't get fresh
tomatoes you still won
so don't go in and I Stern try the face
again the idea here is to brown the
tomatoes slightly you see what a nice
brown color this is this perfect this is
how it should look nice and brown it's
not burning and browning now the next
thing that goes in is yogurt I got here
4 tablespoons of plain yogurt but I want
to detain altogether
I'll put it in a tablespoon at a time
and stir it in again you don't want to
yoga to boil or your curdle and that's
no good one tablespoon at a time like so
stir that in keep stirring it until it
is well amalgamated in the sauce there
again you see the fact separating so
you're ready for your next tablespoon
second tablespoon of yogurt and again
you stir and dry until it gets again the
spat begins to separate wait till it
does so you can't rush this
again the fat is beginning to separate
another tablespoon of yogurt
it's smelling very nice over here and
it's that nice smell that you get when a
sauce is properly prepared now you see a
whole lot of whole spices floating
around don't worry about those you can
take them out just before you sit down
to eat them before you serve actually
okay now the last bit of yogurt goes in
don't try that nicely
once the sauce has been fried not boiled
fried I have to repeat that because it's
important I'm going to put in ten fluid
ounces of water and another half
teaspoon of salt for the sauce and I
bring this to a simmer now I have here
30 meatballs that I was able to make
with that one pound of mince they are
fairly tender this time so I wouldn't
put a whole lot in at the same time
rather gently lower them into into the
sauce you can do two at a time you can
do three at a time that's alright but
just don't let them break because they
are very tender
they will harden as they cook and
they'll be easier to stir but initially
they are tender
at this stage I like to shake the pot
rather than stir it like so then you
bring it to a simmer cover partially
like so because you want some of the
steam to escape and the sauce to thicken
as it's cooking so you cook this way on
a lower heat I'm going to turn it down
to a simmer and you cook for about 25
minutes remember to stir every 5 minutes
or so just in case the meatballs stick
to the bottom of the pot